New AA articles (#2067)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/deployment/tanzu.md

To remove the Redis Enterprise cluster from your PKS deployment:

1. [Delete]({{< relref "/rs/databases/edit-delete-db.md" >}}) any databases you created.

> 1. Delete the REC custom resource. This removes the pods on the cluster nodes and all related services and deployments, except for the Operator deployment itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the REC custom resource. This removes the pods from the cluster nodes including all related services and deployments, except for the Operator deployment itself.
```
